all right we'll do some Sandusky stuff
in there actually I'll talk about this
Sandusky and didn't do nothing I can
understand if he didn't get the tickets
you get angry he always provided the
entertainment oh so you're saying as
long as he gave the kids the tickets you
know quid pro quo as they say sure I
don't know I don't want it pro quo you
mind your business I told him come on
we'll go to the game and then when they
come over you just put it on a TV Wow
get mirai's briefs a lot of kids were
uncomfortable with your emotional
attachment it wasn't even so much well
it was the sexual thing but you're very
emotional rubbing the legs and sending
love letters sure like we was on a date
I'd rub his little leg by his shirts I'd
go look at your little Ambrose let me
hike up your Ambrose shirts I'm broke
write him a letter roses are red violets
are blue let me put that in my mouth
you're like my sunshine you're like
you're like a can of warm sardine oil
down my throat you're like rub on my
privates when they're all the Schafer's
and running around I want to be your
preparation H always getting in there
and making you feel better the ride my
tongue is your toilet I love you they
need a best friend somebody to run down
to the store and get me ciggies figures
huh come back and sit on my lap little
Nittany Lions Jersey yeah
yeah well so PI you got something you P
oh I'll get it
it's the sting sure it did till you get
a nice tongue down ass slathering it off
yeah I don't suggest jacking it with
Irish Spring back in the old days before
you know I knew you just had to make do
with what mom bought with the old dual
house the shampoo will also burn very
bad that'll burn your pee home burns
that backsides toe I think his biggest
crime was that he added love to the
whole fucking thing yeah love shit fuck
he was he was really into them Wow they
don't like when you're too lovey-dovey
especially when they're discovering
girls yeah oh and they're really young
you know when someone's six they
appreciate good love but as they get
older they don't like it quit kissing me
chew a piece of gum mr. August
you smell like sardines and ciggies but
I can I don't know like with the sardine
some of the like pieces of sardine gets
stuck under your bridge work one time
one time I sneezed and I got a piece of
sardine skin and his pubis yeah Jerri
terrible hope he gets a quitin